{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Page 1 \'96 Layer 2 Hub\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 URL:
\f1\b0  /new-deck-construction\

\f0\b Title:
\f1\b0  New Deck Construction & Building in Anchorage, AK\

\f0\b Target:
\f1\b0  New Deck Construction Anchorage AK + related long-tail\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Premier New Deck Construction & Building in Anchorage, AK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 When you live in Anchorage, your deck isn\'92t just an add-on \'97 it\'92s your primary summer living room. Whether you\'92re chasing the midnight sun in Hillside or need a fortress against the wind tunnels of Bear Valley and Turnagain, Deck Masters builds outdoor spaces that survive Alaska\'92s freeze-thaw cycles, seismic activity, and 6-foot snow loads.\
We don\'92t just slap boards together. We engineer decks that last. From helical pilings driven deep into the clay soils of Rabbit Creek and Glen Alps to rapid 24-hour replacements on Dorbrandt Street in Midtown, our work is all over Anchorage \'97 because we\'92re the local guys who actually live and work here.\
\'93Professional, precise, prompt, perfection.\'94 \'97 Ruth McNearney, Yellowstone Dr, Eagle River\
We\'92ve navigated the Municipality of Anchorage permitting process hundreds of times. Complex tie-ins on Essex Park Drive, high-elevation builds on Our Own Lane in Glen Alps, wraparound masterpieces on Cape Seville Dr in Bayshore \'97 we\'92ve done them all, on time and on budget.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Built for Alaska: The Deck Masters Difference\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Building a deck in Anchorage means fighting frost heave, earthquake bracing, and snow loads most lower-48 builders have never seen. We frame at 12" on-center (not 16") when needed, use helical piers standard, and over-engineer every connection \'97 because we\'92re the ones who come back in February if something moves.\
Just ask Rachel & Matt Blakeslee on Our Own Lane in Glen Alps. Their second-story deck revealed major water damage and structural rot. We didn\'92t just replace the deck \'97 we rebuilt garage walls, roof lines, and added proper flashing so it will never happen again.\

\f0\b Speed That Still Blows People Away
\f1\b0 \
Joshua Swan, 5424 Dorbrandt St, Midtown: \'93Their demo crew came out and had it down in about an hour\'85 build crew came out, and had the deck done in less than 24hrs.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Our New Deck Construction Services\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wood & Cedar Decks 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  See Cedar Decking Services\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Composite & Trex Decks 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Explore Trex Deck Installation\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Multi-Level & Hillside Specialists 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Multi-Level Deck Builders in Anchorage\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Covered Decks & Roofed Structures 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Covered Deck Builders\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Screened-In Decks & Solariums 
\f2 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Screened-In Deck Construction\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hot Tub & Outdoor Kitchen Decks\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rooftop, Pool, Floating, Porch \'97 we do it all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We even extended Jonathan Packer\'92s deck an extra foot at no charge \'97 adding ~40 sq ft because it was the right thing to do.\
Ready to stop dreaming and start living on the deck you\'92ve always wanted? Whether you\'92re in Southport, Rabbit Creek, Midtown, Eagle River, or the Hillside, call Deck Masters today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Page 2 \'96 Layer 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 URL:
\f1\b0  /deck-materials-components/trex-deck-installation\

\f0\b Title:
\f1\b0  Certified Trex Deck Installation in Anchorage, AK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Certified Trex Deck Installation in Anchorage, AK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Wood decks in Anchorage last about 12\'9615 years if you\'92re lucky. Trex decks last 25\'9650+ years with zero staining, zero splintering, and zero regrets.\
Deck Masters is the highest-volume certified TrexPro Platinum installer in Alaska. We\'92ve installed more Trex in Anchorage than anyone else \'97 from massive second-story replacements in Glen Alps to ground-level transformations in Bayshore and Rabbit Creek.\
Why Trex Wins in Alaska\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Never needs staining or sealing\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fade, stain, scratch & mold warranty up to 50 years\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Handles 100+ psf snow load without blinking\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Barefoot-friendly even at -40\'b0F (yes, really)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Real Results: Rebecca K. on Shrub Ct (99516) just became a repeat Trex customer.\
\'93This summer was the 2nd TREX Deck built for me by Deck Masters\'85 It was a much larger project with two levels. I love my new deck!\'94\
Kyle Van Peursem\'92s second-story replacement: tight utility corridors, new pilings, cracked beam repair \'97 finished perfectly.\
\'93Our new deck receives compliments constantly.\'94\
The Installation Process \'97 Done Right\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Demolition in hours (Joshua Swan, Midtown: \'93Gone in under an hour\'94)\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proper framing (12" o.c. where required, helical piers standard\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hidden fasteners for a flawless finish\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cocktail or cable railings that preserve your Chugach views\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Add-ons Anchorage Homeowners Love\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cocktail railings for drinks at sunset\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cable railings (Philip Freitag, Marten St: \'93Enable us to see the whole backyard\'94)\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrated LED lighting + rock faces (Connie McCoy, Robinson Road)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We stand behind every board. Matt Oberlander had frost heave issues years later \'97 we came back the same week and fixed it, no charge.\
Stop maintaining. Start living. Whether on Spinnaker Drive, Essex Park Drive, or anywhere in Anchorage \'97 call us for your Trex consultation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Page 3 \'96 Layer 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 URL:
\f1\b0  /new-deck-construction/multi-level-decks\

\f0\b Title:
\f1\b0  Multi-Level Deck Builders in Anchorage, AK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Multi-Level Deck Builders in Anchorage, AK\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Hillside and Glen Alps homes weren\'92t designed for flat decks. You need multiple levels, stairs that don\'92t become ice slides, and railings that don\'92t block million-dollar views.\
Deck Masters specializes in complex, multi-level decks that turn steep Anchorage lots into usable outdoor paradise.\
Featured Project: Rachel & Matt Blakeslee \'96 Our Own Lane, Glen Alps (Hillside)\
Project revealed serious structural damage and water intrusion. We replaced the entire second-story wraparound deck, added a brand-new ground-level deck, connected them with custom stairs, rebuilt garage walls and roof lines, and installed proper drainage. Result: A safe, stunning multi-level deck that increased home value dramatically and survived the next winter perfectly.\
\'93These improvements were critical for both the safety of our kids and longevity.\'94 \'97 Rachel & Matt Blakeslee\
Why Anchorage Needs Multi-Level Expertise\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proper load transfer between levels (earthquake country)\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Helical piers or concrete sonotubes that resist frost heave\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stair stringers engineered for snow/ice, not just code minimum\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Drainage planes so upper levels don\'92t rot lower levels\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Other Recent Multi-Level Projects\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Seville Cir, Hillside \'96 three-level cedar masterpiece\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rabbit Creek \'96 split-level Trex with cable rails\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Goldenview \'96 composite with integrated lighting and privacy walls\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Common Upgrades We Recommend\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cable railings (preserve your view)\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Under-deck drainage systems (dry storage/patio below)\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Built-in benches and planters\
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrated lighting that makes it magical at night\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ready for the multi-level deck your hillside deserves? We\'92ve been building them safely in Anchorage longer than anyone. Call Deck Masters today.\
}